we're moving to Paris we can leave right
after the wedding
whose wedding are we going to well yours
dear
yes make me what not like that
never mind Perez Louise guardian angel
it's a wedding night to Tartarus mother
I've brought you a present
you must remember Laura you can stake I
would love to stare the first model I
ever had was deficit break when I look
at her body I touch the inside of her
thigh of the tip of my brush
what was her body sainty brushed me
again
I want to fall asleep in your arms you
have secrets from me
the only you'd go away people don't just
go away
not if the going away is an accident
and not him
what were you know that woman is dying a
broken heart from a bleeding wound that
never heals she's watching us how badly
did he die
Taurus it's your move
it's always the quiet ones in the corner
do you have to keep an eye on